I want to take a moment to look at what it is we're going to do in the upcoming lessons.
Right now we have everything downloading as one big main chunk as we saw in the last lesson.
The reason for this is because of the tool called Web PAC which we've discussed before.
Throughout this course that actually helps us bundle together all of our files whenever we see these
imports that we've written throughout this course so far.
We're actually using what's called a static import meaning that when Westpac encounters this file it
sees that we're importing in home page shop page sign and page all these components all these files
and it just bundles them all together because we want to statically include them together instead.
When we want to leverage is the new dynamic import syntax dynamic.
Import means that it pulls in the import almost like a promise.
So you can imagine where we only want to import the file and then load it when necessary.
That's pretty much what dynamic import means.
Now this is a feature that actually gets included due to a babble configuration that create reactive
hides away from us.
We'll learn more about battle or Westpac in a later lesson.
But all you need to know right now is that that's the main thing we need to leverage now leveraging
it in react is actually really easy because we use what's called react lazy and react lazy is something
we simply import in from react now with react lazy.
We're able to wrap our components inside of the lazy function that we got back from react and we are
able to use it really well in conjunction with react router because react router by default allows us
to support code splitting which is what we're trying to do split up our code into chunks.
So all we would do is just end up replacing any place where we have root components with these new lazy
loaded components what will end up happening is that whenever a user navigates to this route and then
we need to actually load this root web pack ahead of time during the build step will have already chunked
our code accordingly using that new lazy load function so that what happens is that when they hit home
they will get the home page chunk when they hit shop.
They'll get the shop page chunk when they have the checkout they'll get the checkout page chunk and
we're actually able to leverage this at any point where there are routes.
So as you remember inside of our shop page we also have routes.
So here we can also lazy load these components as well.
In the same syntax we're going to write in the upcoming lessons.
But mainly what we're doing is we're leveraging react lazy with rack router so that we download chunks
at the root level instead of at a certain time where it might seem awkward and discombobulated routing
seems to make the most sense out the place where we need to add chunking.
So I just want to take this moment to take a quick high level look at what we're going to do now the
actual implementation of it is very simple and we'll see that in the next lesson.